This is a head-gum original.
New Switchboard. Really?
Yeah.
You're in charge of it?
Eight different inputs for some reason.
Every time I'm in here, something changes,
and I'm expected to, like, you guys were just saying,
roll with the punchline.
Is that a cork?
You got a cork over there?
It feels like some kind of move.
Yeah.
Like, I'm, like, going to throw plates over my shoulder.
Beautiful.
You got a Greek restaurant.
Exactly.
Yeah, exactly right.
To Verna Tonis.
It's an Albu.
Tony Zero.
To Verna Tonis.
Zero.
That's really good.
Yeah.
My new alias is Tony Zero.
I like that.
Feel free to call me Tony Zero.
Tony Zero.
Yeah.
I'll call you in the middle of the night and call you.
You're already heard his voice,
but we've got Ian Carmelo from all fantasy.
Everything on the show.
Yeah.
A mirror blooming fell down the sack.
And we'll sudden break it down.
On you can't have sky on the back.
Is it kind of?
Did he say that correct?
Can't have sky.
It's close enough.
What is it?
It's fine.
That's Ali.
Ali Khan.
It's a guy.
I've thought about cutting out.
I've thought about,
okay.
I'm having to like be having to have my name out on the record somewhere.
Oh.
I've thought about a new last name.
What do you guys think?
Holy shit.
I think we should come up with one right now.
Yeah.
On your zero score.
On your 20 zero score.
That's really good.
Yeah.
Is that a high thinner?
Is that the whole kind of sky?
Or Tony Zero.
Kevin Kai.
First Kevin Kai on the Tony Zero.
It's it's Russian.
It's the whole thing.
Yeah.
What about on your Taylor sour?
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
Everybody.
Let's get it to it.
Get stole.
So it never gets there.
But is that the first version of the second version of that song?
Thank you.
I ask every time and no one reacts.
Come on.
You have to let us know.
It's the second version.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
It started.
Versus the R word.
Is that the different one?
Got it.
Was that in the first version?
It's let's get R word R word R word.
Yeah.
Let's get R word in here.
I know you play the good one.
But I always worry that you're going to play the bad one.
Like I always worry.
I'm like, today's gag is that you're going to play the bad one.
We've got to do it once.
No.
People won't be afraid anymore.
I'm the only one who's expressed fear on this.
I forget that that first version of the song even exists.
It was my first thought.
Yeah.
Are you from Boston?
No.
Do you ask everybody that?
It's my voice.
My dad is from Brooklyn.
I'm from Portland, Oregon.
And no one there has an accent.
Yeah.
Why have some weird hybrid accent that I just can't explain?
I've never done this before.
But I'm sorry to interrupt.
You did it all the time.
Well, I was just saying you want to plug your book.
Oh, well, that doesn't come out until it doesn't come out until.
Okay.
Yes, I do.
It's like even here.
Harry Potter.
And the source of stuff.
Well, if you're in the jail, you'll be okay.
For a lot of officers.
I knew that.
Are you going to do an audio book?
Because you have the voice for it.
I am going to, but I'm going to do it as Gilbert Godfrey out of respect.
Then let's hear that.
I was born and be veterinarian.
He's been pretty good.
Yeah.
All right.
Is he dead?
He died.
Yes.
When?
Shark attack.
He wasn't Boston.
He was in the Charles River in a shark swallowed him home.
Well, well, shark.
Jesus.
You're throwing tea.
Yes.
You spelling the tea.
Gilbert Godfrey.
Um.
Wait, Ania's new last name.
Where's it?
Wow.
What's that?
Turn it down.
What'd you say?
I was saying we didn't crack the Ania's new last name.
Really quick before you do that.
Is that the first version of the bomb theme?
What?
It's Janet.
No.
Yeah.
You can see it.
It's in show.
Julia.
Yeah.
I think it's a little bit of a curse.
Sorry, I really wanted to say that.
But it's a curse.
Emily.
Marley.
Emily?
Yes.
You're named as someone really famous, so people feel like you didn't really make it there on your own.
I'm Yenobisco.
That's right.
That's a good, that's a good idea.
I'd port Manto.
Wouldn't it, Nabisco?
Yeah.
It's a national bisquit company.
Oh my, is that?
Isn't that like a port Manto?
It's like national bisquit company.
It's a nice, nice, nice, nice guy.
I'm your son.
You could get your name in Natalie Port Manto.
That's not like that.
That's really good.
Not only port Manto.
You're in it coming in hot.
I'm drinking a dandelion ginger, botanical tea.
I did, um, I did a commercial one with what's his name, Dave Batista, and he kept asking
for these like ginger-choose.
You probably shot stuff with him.
We did.
Yeah.
Did he ask for the ginger-choose?
He did not ask for ginger-choose, but he...
Was he sick?
He was awesome.
He was the most diligent about learning his lines out of anyone we ever worked with.
He was like super off-book, and when we changed lines like the last second, it really threw
him on.
He really wanted to do this like stupid, cop-and-terrogation sketch he wanted to really
nail it.
Yeah.
He was really a true sweet guy.
But that's wrestling back.
Died to the shark attack.
Yeah.
He was a real sweet guy.
But that's wrestling back.
Died to the shark attack.
He was the same energy as him eating a ginger-choose though.
I feel like people who have made it have those specific snacks that only rich people
can ask.
It's probably like Dave Daven-I, who I would have put in the same kind of...
Climb the ranks of professional wrestling, too, eventually.
It's a falth from great.
Fulfill.
They come famous for having weird squiggly lines on our bald head.
How do you all find that out until you shape your head for the first time, right?
I don't want that.
I got a brain head.
Yeah.
I mean, some people you can kind of guess.
I got to be smooth.
I haven't ever picked it, but I got to be smooth.
Have you buzzed it?
I've buzzed it.
Well, you would...
On the show.
Still right now.
I've shaved my head on the show.
Live show.
If enough people have won me, a mirror will.
Six people.
Yeah.
Enough people.
Six people.
Yeah.
Enough people.
You should cut your hair because you've been growing up for three years.
That's the bigger reveal.
Yeah.
But I fear that, like, without the hair.
I'm sort of nothing better.
That's real.
That's real hair.
Yeah.
I thought it was a wig.
Hi, praise.
Yeah.
Did you go a year without cutting your hair during the pandemic?
No.
Because I didn't really...
I just sort of went business as usual.
Yeah.
I didn't really like it.
Change my mouth.
Yeah.
I don't care.
It's good with these things.
Yeah.
No.
Face.
Yeah.
I broke up with a guy during the pandemic because of that.
Because he just kept living his life.
Yeah.
He was like texting me from, like, will not.
Okay.
He kept texting me.
He's like, I'm at home deep home.
And I was like, what's happening?
Yeah.
I guess that if you're going to be in a building.
That was the one with the highest ceilings.
But also the one with the lowest vaccination rate.
I don't know.
Definitely like the least, like, what's the word?
Like, like, it was not a...
You don't need anything in there.
No.
There's no, there's, like, CVS.
I can see he needed something, but...
Yeah.
But, like, a home deep is like, maybe I'll make a potato gun.
No.
I feel like people were doing a lot of ad-home projects.
Like, that year.
But was like, essentials?
That essentials?
Is that worth risking?
Your people's on the side.
Unbelievable.
You kind of do it.
You guys are similar.
Really?
Bond of the week.
Daniel Craig is out as Bond.
He's out.
Yeah.
Did that actually...
He's not...
He's been...
His last movie was the last movie he did.
Oh, my God.
So every week until the next James's cast, we're loving up our pick for the next double of seven.
Okay.
My pick this week is Wanda Sikes.
That would be very good.
James Bonda.
Sikes.
Can I do an impression on Wanda Sikes?
Is that gonna be good?
I'd like to hear it.
If I...
Is that okay?
We've already got what we're saying.
We feel like we're good.
Mary.
Is that?
That's really good, right?
I didn't feel like it was worth it.
That was Wanda Sikes.
Who stopped by the studio?
Oh, we're awesome.
Deeply video about that.
She did not appear on camera because of the song.
I'm going to say he was lipstick.
As she said.
That's right.
Yeah.
I'm here.
Bond of the week.
It matters.
No, it matters.
It really doesn't.
Logan Paul.
Why?
Because he's jacked.
Yeah.
That's suck.
On you.
Pierce Brosnan.
And we thought about him.
He already did it.
He seems like he's got it.
He could come back.
He had it.
He has it.
He could come back.
That could be cool.
People are doing the throwback thing.
Yeah.
Maybe.
You don't have to be upset.
No, it's...
Yeah.
Because like any little thing can throw me off.
The entire hour.
You know that a bit.
And this is it.
Why does it bother you so much?
The idea of Pierce Brosnan.
Well, because I sort of have this like agenda almost.
Like how I want the show to go, right?
And then that was a hard left turn for you.
That was almost the opposite.
I thought you were going to say want this.
Which I was then going to perform to get mad at you for.
Because I chose it.
You thought she was going to say it.
But you said it first.
That was your first one.
He thought I was going to make like a joke and say his idea.
And then it's like grace cutting.
No, I thought there'd be like parallel thinking.
And then I would like playfully be like, oh, I'll piss.
But like it's fun.
Now I'm actually mad.
The energy in this room has changed.
Yeah.
It's usually entirely this.
This is the whole thing.
This week, minutes were late.
I think my mustache is having sort of like a leveling effect on them.
Because we both have mustache.
Yeah.
You should sort of like a we feel so important.
Brothers.
My brothers.
Yes.
Yours is better.
No, I think yours is better.
No, my minstum.
That's alright.
Yeah.
You have a hero when she must.
I bought it the week.
I think we'll bronge him.
He's on this way out of the NBA.
And the next couple of years.
Yeah.
He was shift him right into the bond print.
LeBond James.
He's best trained.
Yeah.
He was great in in train wreck.
And I think he was really bad in space gym too.
Is that fair?
It's kind of like to put it in the basketball metaphor.
Going since he and his a large fan too.
Oops.
You don't want to give the role player too much playing time.
Yes.
Sometimes it's like instant offense off the bench.
Six minutes a game.
And that's what LeBond did acting wise.
He was great in train wreck.
Yeah.
Bits and pieces.
And they gave him the whole film.
Yeah.
Can I say something?
And I'm not trying to do the whole like.
I'm a girl.
I don't have no idea what you just said.
The first part.
Like you don't like the guy who's like pretty good for six minutes a game to let him play
for 42.
Then it's like, oh, that's too much responsibility for that guy.
Yeah.
He's still got nothing.
You basically.
You know like Christine Baransky.
If she's in a movie for like 20 minutes, you're like this.
Yeah.
Maybe I don't want to see like two and a half.
That's the bad example because I do want to see two.
No.
I don't even know.
It's more special if it's just cut down.
She's just like, she's good.
She comes in.
It does five.
I broke the microphones.
It's a magnet.
It's like a string.
In low numbers.
They always say that.
Yeah.
And so LeBond only plays six minutes out of 42.
Now LeBond is great at basketball.
I'm saying acting wise.
I see.
You was good.
That was like.
I wonder if we give it to brawny.
Just because, you know, considering.
You might not play basketball again.
Yeah.
Truffle.
Truffle oil is kind of that kind of thing.
Yeah.
A little bit of a drop.
Just a little bit.
Just a drop.
Almost un-inperceptible amount.
What the fuck has happened with Truffle?
And I'm just transitioning to say that.
Like this is comics.
And LeBond.
Byron Allen.
Actually, you know what we could do.
We do a segment on the show called Marie could takes the rain.
Slash Marie could's brothers.
She's a staffer.
Oh, yeah.
Um.
She's not going to like that.
She's not here for this.
I don't know why I want to do it.
Let's do E in takes the rains or E in's brothers.
E in's brothers for four minutes.
Four minutes on the board.
Four minutes on the planet.
And I could just gripe.
You can just gripe it about anything.
And you do what should I actually launch in a stand-up bit.
So should I go for it.
The clock is going.
The clock.
Yeah.
I started talking about Truffle oil.
So this is not a stand-up bit.
But it's just like, take it a fucking pig.
Five minutes.
Take it down a fucking notch.
With the Truffle oil.
All right.
Now this Truffle oil on everything.
All of a sudden french fries.
If you put into a Truffle oil on french fries.
You and I think the french fries can't speak for themselves.
Now the cell phone Truffle oil in the catch-up is well.
It's on the fries and in the catch-up.
Truffle catch-up.
There's no escape.
I mean, it's actually an instrument.
I feel like I lost a minute on their pretty.
Okay.
All right.
What is with these farm-to-table restaurants?
Yeah.
I mean, farm-to-table.
That's one second.
Farm.
That's the only place they grow food.
Every...
And tables the only thing you can eat on them.
Every restaurant is a farm-to-table.
Orbys is a farm-to-table restaurant, folks.
That's good.
I've been having trouble looking my wife in the ice.
And I know it's not because of her.
And it usually happens after I go visit home.
And, you know, my parents divorced when I was 10 years old.
They've always had a cordial relationship,
but spending any time with them as much as I love them,
does make me think about how, at one point,
they thought it could never happen to them.
And, you know, my one-year anniversary is coming up in two weeks.
And are we just in the part of our movie before everything goes wrong?
And sometimes I feel like I have this bomb inside of me just waiting to go off.
That's just going to destroy everything good.
And in my life, and doesn't mean I'm not going to try.
That doesn't mean I'm not going to still do my best to be a good partner in this relationship.
It doesn't mean I'm not going to, you know, like, you know,
listen to her and support her and do things with her.
You know, like, on our anniversary, just because I have this fear,
it doesn't mean I'm not going to take her out to dinner.
And...
And if we will surprise at that restaurant, and it's fucking trouble oil!
Oh my god!
I can't bear my sister like that!
It's still my-
I'm going to lose it.
I wish we could get into it.
We'd do up to take a break.
But thanks for sharing.
Come on.
Straight into an athletic green zone.
This show is sponsored by Better Hell.
Guys, sometimes you feel uncertain in life, right?
You don't know what's going to come next.
You don't know what decision is going to lead you down the right path.
All right?
Whether it's career, relationships, family, friends, et cetera.
Could be any number of things.
You never really know how to make that decision.
Or, you know, when things feel shaky,
when you go through a period of multiple choices,
you know, what's going to make me feel the most fulfilled?
And that's where talking to a therapist can help.
I'm in therapy every week, and like I say on this show,
you know, it's not always because you have something pressing.
And sometimes you will have something pressing,
but, you know, it's good to just have someone there
to like support you and guide you as you along your life's path
and to, you know, allow you to be the best,
most fully realized version of yourself.
So, if you're thinking of starting therapy,
give better help a try.
It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible,
and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire
and get matched with the license therapist
and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge.
Let therapy be your map with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today
to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help, HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Y'all, I want to tell you about a podcast that you're going to love.
I mean, I don't know what else to say.
It's called see the thing is, right?
See the thing is.
Am I right?
And it's hosted by Grammy award winning R&B artist,
Bridget Kelly, and me a personality,
Mandy Bee.
Every week, Bridget Kelly and Mandy Bee offer
grown honest and slightly toxic perspectives
on all things music, pop culture,
and, of course, dating and relationships.
I love talking about dating and L.A.
and dating in New York and dating and upstate.
And they basically do it every week.
So if you like that segment on our show,
you're going to love their entire show.
Do you have a hard time finding new music?
I know I do, I mostly listen to old music.
Are you a millennial who misses what life was like
in the 2000s?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives
on relationships and dating?
Are you interested in non-male bashing podcasts
that hold both sexes accountable?
See the thing is, is a podcast
that allows space for a wide range of thoughts
and emotions.
Sound and pretty good to me.
Why don't you give it a shot?
Most recently, the ladies that have sat down
include Ari Lennox.
I'm actually a huge Ari Lennox fan.
That's fucking awesome.
Big Freedia.
Remema Van Lathen.
Robert Glassper.
Dere McCasson.
Chloe Bailey.
Mooney Long.
And Neo.
Haven't heard from Neo in a while.
That would also be a good intro episode.
I highly recommend.
So join Bridget and Mandy every week
as they update you on everything
going on in the world
with their polarizing hot takes.
Subscribe to see the thing is
on Spotify, Apple Podcasts or on YouTube.
New episodes drop every Tuesday
and Friday.
Bye weekly.
That's awesome.
Check it out.
I have something to say.
Yeah.
I don't think they're doing
treffle oil so much anymore.
Charming grains with glee over skillet grooves.
Making rice Bernarley.
You'll have tons of fun as the bomb
but skulls as we sing the specs of char.
Oiling slick a pan.
Consistency of sand.
Ruining bosmati.
Bomb rain white rice scorched.
Japanese short grain all types of rice ignite.
Will you caught or rise?
Will the grains see or thus?
Good learning rice not barley.
We'll forget soft rice as we force it
down as we house demolish rice.
There is crispy rice.
That's not what I mean.
Crispy rice is fine.
I'm talking about when it hurts to eat.
Because you burn the rice for hours.
Is an instrumental break now so I really have to sit in it.
I had to.
I had to google the real lyrics because I thought
I was having a psychic break.
Because I thought there's no way he actually says barley.
It's a barley.
But he does.
Many sauces help to attain the sinch.
Hosing is my favorite.
It'll glob on to every grain of rice.
And it'll black in the whole walk.
Remember me, when you make this shift, eating rice, that's gnarly.
You can tell arms be in its jealous wake that I change the game of rice when I soldered
that first grain.
Now we all seem specks of char.
Really good backing track.
Yeah.
That's the first note.
It's not that the lyrics were good.
It's just wild with the writers' track on like the amount of talent that is accessible.
Why are you saying he's technically scabbling by having written that on that note?
I saw it right back.
Yeah.
No.
What did you say?
Well, first of all, he has no idea, not like that was all out of the fucking left.
And he has no questions.
Yeah.
What do you think when that was happening?
Well, he actually has sort of insight to this because he's familiar with Amzby.
Is he?
Amzby?
Amzby.
Don't work in the Museum of Science and it is.
I don't know what it stands for.
Amzby?
You remember at the old Edgum office at the end of the street, there was that O'Negiri restaurant
named Amzby.
Oh, yes, there was.
Did you ever go there?
No.
Well, so.
Do you know how you was talking and then the music started?
Yeah.
And then we were going to get into trouble, O'Negiri.
Do you guys mind if we talk through these lyrics?
Well, how did you even before we get there?
I want to know what was going through your head when you heard Jeff starting to sing
a new, like, do you know the song that it was done?
What's that?
Yeah, yeah.
I sing.
I feel so great.
As we walk in fields of joy.
Yeah.
But he does say fields of barley at one point, which I was like, there's no way
Sting actually says barley.
Is that how you pick this song?
I think we referenced it last week.
And then I was like, oh, you're right songs.
I was just saying that.
I mean, I've never seen a mere brush you off the way he just said.
But he said.
He said.
And I said a lot.
Yeah.
That, that, that amount was acceptable.
Charring grains with glee over skillet grooves.
C'making rice, Bernarley.
What's Bernarley?
Bernarley.
Oh, Bernarley.
Oh, yeah.
I just set this up, I guess.
Set the scene in a way.
That's what I'm saying.
No, you have to get me.
No context that I thought.
I thought I'd trouble oil.
A song starts.
And the audience hears this every time I do a fucking song, though.
Right.
I'm just fascinated by doing thinking chat.
GBT definitely wrote this or chat.
GBT will never be able to write this.
I don't know.
And like I earnestly didn't know which one I thought more.
So we used to get lunch from mom's being.
Right.
Because we were mostly in the office every day at that point.
Yeah.
And this was an amendment like COVID.
Yeah, this was the thick of it.
The thick of not only the pandemic, but the own a gear itself.
Because it was a lot of rice.
It was a ton of mayo.
Yeah.
It was a dash of fish.
Just a bit.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
I think you're giving too much detail.
Okay.
So let's split the difference.
All right.
Let's speed it up.
Let's let nine to 15 more seconds.
Sort of back story.
All right.
So we started.
We started.
That's.
That's about.
You know, rice.
Yeah.
The years and just in the office and on the show.
And then.
Yeah.
It started to become burning the rice, ruining the rice.
We started doing solid priorities.
And I'm putting together this album that I am going to try and record it.
Sound city studios under Tony Berg's direct supervision.
All right.
Here we go.
Charring greens with Glee over skillet groups.
Make the right burn.
Narlie.
Yeah.
You'll have tons of fun as the bomba skulls.
As we sing the specs of char bomba.
It's a type of rice.
Oh, yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
Is this going to be unwrapped genius at any point?
Or just just genius.
Just.
I would like to be able to dig into it a little bit more.
Yeah.
Wow.
Whaling.
Slick.
That's amazing.
Sorry for making a fucking joke that we stopped talking about your lyrics for three
seconds.
We're going to write back into it, aren't we?
Oiling.
Slick of Panors.
I'm shit.
But I'm hardly topping over here.
Yeah.
Tell me zero the rice genius.
For Charlie.
Please be sure to.
Maybe that's the artist's name that I should really share.
The rice genius.
Yeah.
It's like a pan.
Consistency of sand.
Burning rice not.
And sorry.
That's also something he says a lot.
He doesn't have that consistency.
So sand is or rice and sort of consistency.
It's not.
No.
It's not saying.
It isn't.
It's like time is like guys.
It's like.
But like friends with sand.
But they're too either.
It looks.
Well, not when you burn them.
Or maybe I've been even the right to hand.
Long rain, white rice scorched.
Japanese, short grain.
All types of rice ignite.
On you.
No notes.
That's actually.
But I thought maybe like, oh, that was a good, you know, in terms of acceptance.
No, I said no notes.
I said no notes.
I was going to have a rather one.
That.
Yeah.
I'm feeling neutral about that.
Will you categorize?
Will the grains stir us?
Ruining.
Rosemar.
That's the one of the best.
Yeah.
That one fucking goes.
Because what's, what's the real song?
And almost sounds like that.
That's why I was looking at that.
We forget the sun.
You'll tell us.
Yeah.
We'll forget soft rice as we force it down.
As we house demolished rice.
And then there was a bridge that you sort of.
What happened?
I feel like we're having fun.
Somewhere along the way we lost.
There.
Yeah.
The bridge.
Can we hear about that would have been?
What those lyrics would have been?
I never read rice that ain't busted.
Don't fear.
But I don't have other options.
I would rather go hungry than not eat carbonized jasmine.
As we sing the specs of charm.
I want to amend my Bernie top and joke.
And instead of call you Tim Rice.
Oh, that's really good.
That's good.
For now, John Colab Raiders.
That was the Tim Rice Rice Ricel.
Oh, me on rice.
That's a good one.
Theodore Gaisel,
Doc Rice.
The egotia lyrics don't make much more sense.
No.
Thank you.
Yeah.
This is like every night in the rice.
That's not what I mean.
Yeah.
Crispy rice is fine.
I'm talking about when it hurts to you because you've burnt the rice for hours.
Crispy, what is crispy rice? They just deep fry it or something like what like a tuna crispy rice
Yeah, but how are they doing that? That's a great question little oil in the skillet and then yeah, you like
I think you put in the rice cut it in swear. How you got to freeze it? It's just a bit of stays neat as a square
He doesn't know
Many sauces help to attain the sinj hoisin is my favorite
It'll glob onto every grain of rice and black him the whole walk
Okay
You'll remember me when you make this shift eating rice. That's not real. You'll remember me
You can tell arms be in its jealous wake because it doesn't exist now or that I changed their game of rice
When I smoldered that first grain now we all syng specks of rice
Namaste
This is a pro burning rice song that's what everyone should be doing. It's sort of like evangelical now
Can we do the whole thing about the actual lyrics go lie my line?
Would you sing the entire thing again?
The actual song like switches like first it's in first person, and then he's like talking to you
Yeah, this is back when we found out sting was having sex for eight hours a day
I think all made sex. I think he realized he could say anything in the songs
Yeah, and 15 seconds into it would be like eight hours
Never think about the lyrics. I mean they're very funny. Larry. Yeah, so this is the same album when he was just like I dream of rose
That song also didn't mean it no, I didn't mean it
This was his old
I dream of that
That's for you for next time. What do you want to get something out cuz we have nothing about you're right about the Truffle oil
Thank you
Yeah, I think that was early 2000s. We'll be like a cool
2010. Yeah, yeah, I think you're right. I think that was probably that reference was at four years four years late at best
But you're still upset about it, which is okay, and I see you in here you and I make we make space for you for that
You're prolonging that's pants. Yeah
What's the other one desert rose? I think it was cool desert rice. I dream of a baby
Oh, no
He starts singing about rice again
Okay, so this is just the whole show now
Rice rice. I made it through all the levels of the jeopardy
Auditions
Going to the point where they like we're like hey, we'll use like they were like we're going through my IMDB
Wow to make sure like that nothing conflicted. Wow, and either
They read my tweets and decided it didn't like me or something on my IMDB was like we can't put the sky on the show
Or maybe you were like almost celebrity jeopardy and they're like this is what I think that I think I'm like in between
I'm definitely not famous enough to be on celebrity gentlemen
Your two families do y'all in regular. I'm too famous. Yeah, put it damn and who will sing my song
Well, this is celebrity Jefford. This is Jeffordy
But that that TV is usually on
Yeah, then then I have to edit it in and it looks bad
So I figured doing it on the frame would be better anyway
Also the GoPro cut out so nobody can see me for the rest of that the show, but this is just plug it in
Can I it doesn't matter people don't be
Kind of nice to see you occasionally. You have a great outfit on. Thank you. I really need it
Yeah, let's just take a look. You look moisturized. I think the people would love to see just take that white cable right there
That's plugged into the switcher
This is the one I love
Do I do my glasses? No, okay
This is Jeffordy
Welcome to Jeffordy summer edition
You can't agree to our there we go
The categories are fun in the sun summer time sadness important getaways
Barbecue fouls and would be summer blockbusters
Have we funny barbecue fouls was like the bird kind
Fix that well, there's no
My can't is the GoPro on the GoPro is on we're back we're back we're back in business
Ian's team one mirrors team two on your team three
We used to do this for actual cash and I used to demo people. Yeah, but yeah, but I don't know if I can do whatever that prohibitively expense
prohibitively expensive they tax you on transactions now
So is this but is it would it be really for like a hundred dollars?
Yeah, someone one with twelve hundred dollars once and almost I would always beg for it back
And I was everyone would always send it, but one second
I would definitely back at the back. Caleb Heron didn't give it back. Caleb Heron didn't give it back a week. Yeah. Oh my god
Anyways, here we go
Let's start with Ian in you control the board guest of honor style. All right. Let's go barbecue fouls for two hundred
barbecue fouls for two hundred something you shouldn't say at a backyard barbecue
There are no right answer
So you're gonna get it wrong basically say no there are all right answer you you might get it right
Sorry if I say there's one right answer
Is it something you've said? I I mean even if it was you've never seen me at a barbecue, so
Yeah, I don't know
You can buzz in or buzz what is this mac ribs is this mac ribs?
What is this oh what is this this what is this is this this mac ribs?
No
Oh
What is that?
Correct, so we can play two ways you guys can still guess or we can do it if one person gets a wrong it's over
Let's get through it. We're not gonna be here all day. We substitute. Okay, the correct answer was
What is you call this hosting and then you say hello well
Hello, yeah, interesting. Whoa, whoa
I'm here controls the board. I'll go be a vay for one hunt it's that just the one of you
Look at me
Yeah, tell look be away we've done this before and I'm not doing it again
All right barbecue fouls for barbecue fouls for oh pump fake. I want 100 at the end
Asshole
We're doing 300 the worst song to hear it about review
That be one of the stings on yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that that your rice carried it
Of what is the goal what is your rice pair the correct answer is murder most foul my Bob
What is that it's a 20 minute song about JFK's sashini assassination that came out recently
Really what is he painted on
He doesn't even really take a stance
Yeah, that's why it's 20 minutes. He has to explain the whole thing trolls the board. I'll do some more time sadness for 200 please
summer times sadness for 200 coming to terms on a roller coaster
What does that mean in this
Coming to terms with what
That's the answer
Is coming what is coming to terms with what with what you have to guess what coming to terms
You said oh like you figured it out
But that's not the gonna be the answer that's not a question
The correct answer is what did Jeff experience on his 13th birthday after his parents sat him down to say they were getting into war
This is that Disney world they told you at Disney world
I think beginning of the day or not divorce at the beginning of the roller coaster the end of a day and then the next day
Are your parents still together? They didn't get divorced, but they really thought they were going to
Which is somehow worth and choose every maybe the thrill of telling you
Yeah
When did they tell you they weren't getting divorced and where was that ever did they just they just never didn't water
Yes
I used to wait because they might have been in the process for what they might still be in years. Yeah, yeah, you can control the board
Fun in the sun 300 fun in the sun for 300
Sewing seeds and watching them bare fruit. Oh
What is the meaning of life?
Oh
Oh, he's thinking about it the meaning of all life or just maybe some people certain demos
Clare clarifying question from the host
True back with never do that. Yeah, all right. So is it the for what you said or what I said? I guess what you said
What is planting anxious thoughts amongst friends and watching the group dissipate due to infighting?
Yeah
Water yeah
Coming up right it is coming. What is although the droughts when you run out of water? There's no drought anymore sure for now for now
Well, that's what they're telling us and that's what they would tell us before we actually said
We should have a conspiracy segment
But I have a couple ideas. Okay, the JFK. All right, we can do water. We already talked about that 11 today
So don't ask about that. Oh, yeah, you want to pitch Ian this podcast that he has good let me have it
You should know
That's nice
podcast we have to believe all this because we have to make it. Oh, you don't have to make it
On you control the board what is I mean? No, that's not how we do this
Would you want me to you do it? No, I know are you hovering over that one because you want me to do it? No
I just didn't see the mouse because it's far away would be summer blockbusters for 100 would be summer blockbusters for 100
A quadromcom starring the sclar brothers in the William sisters
You might get this really oh, I think I might know it
Wait, is this an actual I'm just thinking of a joke
Tennis any fun. That's really good. That's that's like better than when he wrote I bet
I'm here what is
men are
from
Oh
Women are from Venus. Yeah, the correct answer is what is when Venus and Serena met Jason and Randy wait yours was better
I thought so yeah, well, I guess I don't know because it's sort of like a quad and so it's like
Well when Harry met Sally or what this one would be one Venus. What's the quad do you think the William sisters are twins?
No, okay
That's correct
Wait, what's a quad
Like four people follow okay at once, but that doesn't for his answer was still better
American chose the board
Let's do the movie thing again. Would be summer blockbusters for 200 and absurdist drama
Somebody that follows had to come staff for Dane Cardiel as he's pegged by a songstress
Yeah, got for red we cut other stuff
Gotta get to this
Yeah, hitting what is hitting the high notes. That's good. That's better so I'll give it to you what we were looking for was
Sing an inside dang
The whole game should just be this
Yeah, we can see how Ian makes better movie type of two seconds
Even though you got a week to work on
Important getaways for 200 important getaways for 200 a must see village that grounds us in our great American past summer or not
Is it colonial Williamsburg
Correct
The one but it's someone actually got it right
Execute on the
That's the first time anyone's actually got that's a real question by the way my yeah, this isn't an impossible game to play
Everybody likes to think that it's like gotcha journalism in a way
But it's like terrible revengeers that you could get sort of yeah
It's have you control the board so I can ignore the question. Let me bluff. I guess I can getaways for 300
Important getaways for 300 the only place to get both rays of sun and council from above
What is heaven
No, it's gonna be like
Yeah, what is
That was through a mirror. What is Jimmy Buffett's combination chimie Buffett combination cheeseburger and paradise slash Catholic seminary
On
You weren't right until the very end what is Vatican City
Yeah, I went as a raise of sun have to do it. It the sun doesn't not shine in Rome
Ian controls the board. It's neck and neck's great point. I'm here has no points, but a
Onion Ian are tied by the way the prize. I think is like
One blue of genuine compliments. Oh for me really I contact I'm rarely earn a
Will do I contact will do I contact if you break a thousand if you don't break a thousand you just you get the slew
But you don't get that cut. What am I right now? You're at 500. Oh, would be blockbusters for three
Would be blockbusters for 300 oppression
1920s period drama about the inevitability of Paul
Wait
What is post modern
Dana
That is really close though really I might just because he's in the movie that this is a parody of
I'm gonna give it to a mirror. We were looking for what is there will be rug
And Dana's in that movie. Yeah, I'm here controls the board
Doesn't really matter at this point doesn't really matter. It was doing important getaways for 100
A historical site that one shouldn't forget to visit if they want a meaningful summer
Yeah
What is
One world trade center
No
Shouldn't forget
I guess that works for yeah, that's you're proving your mind that is mine
It's yeah, it did the holocaust
That would also be meaningful, but no
Those are the only two things I think we're not sure and they shouldn't forget is like never that's okay
Never forget right now. We were looking for what is the alamo?
Oh, you remember the alamo remember that is well, that's can't remember the alamo
You ever forget the other one. Yeah. Yeah. No, you're right. You know what? Sorry
You're not getting what I am sorry
Anyone call it out. I don't know who's turned it should be
summertime sadness summertime sadness for 100 doing intensive labor in the yard
What is a bad way? What is the sad way to spend the fourth July?
Of July or June? Labor Day Labor Day or June?
Memorial? I'll give it to him here. What is how Jeff spent most of his child?
Good June. Yeah. Wow. Childhood
Big yard
Kind of yeah, we lived in farm country. Oh, wow. Yeah
300 summertime sadness. Okay, summertime sadness for 300. Trader Joe's key lime tea cookies. Oh
But what is what your parents gave you when they told you they're not having a divorce
It's pretty good
Farm countries so there wasn't really a trader Joe's within driving distance. That explains a lot about my personality or
Do not do not look at me
We were looking for
What did Jeff choke on at the silver like meadows two years ago two weeks ago each hooked on it. Yep
Like you did you need to have the water
You need to use the board time 200 dollars fun in the sun for 200 a cream that helps prevent sunburn
Public opinion. It's not sexual
Is it SPF based? It's also not your decision
We'll be the judge. Yeah, show me the loop. What is aloe vera
Jesus we're wrong we're looking for what is it's up miracle whip
I'll give it to you if I did the game like I whip what is a ton of happen
Have spilled onto you ruins your day so you decide to stay inside
Hmm
I get the cream part now. Yeah, and also I could be sexual could be such a one-trolls before
Half a half humiliation. Yeah, the milk better. That's yeah
Remember like the the two women and ones like holding the other ones like pony tail and the she's like force feeding her milk
Yeah, that's sort of like my whole thing
Is that your
Are you the pony tail or the force Peter usually the force? He's the one taking the photo
You're the one thinking
What did I say the things that one sitting at home looking at the phone?
Yeah, no, it's just framed on my gallery walk
Human the sun fun in the sun for 100 a collection of grains near water rice. What is rice?
Absolutely correct. Wow call back. It's what is the sack of rice waiting to be soaked outside
That's what makes it in the sun
You can chose a board last one up
What happened to the screen?
It's there. You're there. Pope Marie
Barbecue fouls 100 barbecue fouls for 100 Ian nobody's gonna get over 100 and also nobody can be Ian
But this is just for shit some vehicles the one thing you don't want to be seen doing at a barbecue
I'm here you might want to remember your first guest in this category
Wow, what was my first guess it was oh the McRid thing
What is a mirror
In fact, what is taking multiple racks of rib off the grill and putting them in your bag for later
Guys
Good job, Ian. Thank you. That's really impressive for your first time on the show. Thank you. Yeah, I'm okay
That was
I ain't a studio
Jesus man, right. Why doesn't this go immediately into a wheel of fortune parents?
Honestly, yep, get over there. Come on
Rice
Of
Wheel of rice. All right, well
Ian you want do you want the slew of compliments or is that still okay? Are you kidding me?
You don't have to do the eye contact. We don't have each other that well
But I've always seen you're on the headgum office and you've always been very kind to me
Yeah, and when I was working at Carple Cariokey
I would see you at CBS TV. See I was just talking on you this because she was like what's he unlike I was like he's very nice
And you used to say how to me
You definitely didn't need to do that
So I think for the viewers at home just know that Ian Carmel is a very nice person you didn't acquire to also when people ask
For stand-up recommendations you're the first person there. Oh my god. Thank you, sir. You're you're a bit about how you look like an Italian pizza box logo
Yes, one of my favorite bits anyway
Plugs I had to keep a mustache for that very bit. Yeah, but now it's just for fun. Now you don't know who you would be without it
I really don't yeah, no to comfort dash. It's a third eyebrow. Yeah, and just so we can balance it out
Amir when you wear shorts the energy in the room is sour
Don't you're fine
It's almost it's almost me they're not to say something mean about on yet because it's like she can't handle well
She just looked at me like no, I thought I was because I was like that's a real thing
You're saying no, I mean who has to be like on camera all the time. Yeah
My shorts do we take you see here's up what's up? What happened? Why is your secret off? I took my secret off
Earlier to adjust my sock
Guys, no jacks off just plugs is fine. Yeah, jacks socks Instagram
Who's jacks off?
Jack fucking tennis player
Jacks off jacks off like a 10th of a teenager
Yeah, that's your jacks off over there
No, it's not to you guys do the jacks off. I never did it
Oh, I feel like that's almost you have like he might not see me. It's never been like a consistent
I feel like I don't I nervous about that
Was it toilet paper man? Yeah, he's your to dispose never under the floor roll. Oh, yeah
I would always just sort of do it back while back pedaling. I would go to the backyard and just sort of like back
Pedal around never had to be over
Just so it was only front of you
Like I was playing like I was playing defense
In a basketball game just kind of back away
So I'm never really had to deal with it. It feels like it's better for the environment that way yeah
You're more again. Yeah, I feel like it's rough material socks
Especially like if you have like yeah
Yeah, let's get really into it
Let's get really into it. I even up to recently. It's already my last time you sort of self come
Well, now I prefer a shower because it's very easy. You don't have to worry about anything
You're not supposed to give any of you have to worry about the friction a baby show
We're no wedding shows
What do you have going on what do you want to point the people to if you don't listen to all fantasy everything
I'll come to your house and I'll kill you
I do
If you're up for it in the next couple months
I'd love to have you back on because you said I had another idea
I had another segment idea that revolved around your shows for me. I would I'll come back on this. There's often as you'll have me because
But this is really required
Craft and you had emailed me last night and I was I hadn't finished the segment yet
So like this is too short notice, but yeah
Any literally any time you'll have me. This is right. This was a blast listen all fantasy everything
That's really all I have to promote right now listen to
Listen to things later work
There's this a lot of good stuff in there and keep an eye out for my book T-shirt swim club
That's a great time available like early next summer. I did shirt in the pool. I was a shirt in the pool
I did shirt in the pool. I did shirt in the pool. I did shirt in the pool in Turks and Kicos on a family vacation
This was the same one that I walked I talked about this the other week where I walked out of we were like in a hotel and there was like a
We're on the bottom floor like the building and there's like a screen door that goes out to the like the deck
or whatever the pool deck and
I just walked straight through the screen porch and I would the reason I was walking
I'm telling this poorly. I saw a group of young girls walking past. I was also young and
They were like, yeah
I was like, oh, let me walk past them playing my Nintendo DS. I was like that's awesome
And instead I like walked through a screen door and just kind of collapsed on the pavement swim sure
Nothing else
What a cool if you that you could have found that you had like sort of like an Alex Mac ability
It's just sort of move through saw
What a reference. Yeah, you're giving me a lot of credit. Yeah, but the DS would just the DS
Wow, I'm sure did you're in a 10 of DS was that like a frequent
Prop and in seeming cool. We're flirting with cool and flirting. Sure. Yeah, still is still
I'm here. Oh, yeah, I'll fantasy everything got to
On you have to as a supervising producer on all fantasy everything. I think you should listen to all fantasy
We have to oh yeah, because
None of us are responsible for what happens if you don't
I think we're really trying to like steer it away from like the threat kind of threats legally binding death threats
We're not but people know we're recording this off shore so we can't be held alive
They know we're like six miles off the headgum has like a
Catalina off. Yes, yeah
They have what it what was the Scientology boat called oh
I don't know and I never have
Forget it
The island sea or something the SS great ideas and good people. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, this is I can't find out where you live me
You
Have the days when it's possible. I've found it very dark
Find the people live. I am on the dark one
It's dark. Yeah
The only light yeah, I can address bro
That's awesome. The only light is a fucking address. Yeah, the only way out is it basically
Meaning that he'll find you. Oh, I do you
You're trying to listen. You're listening too. I like that instead of looking right at the camera
You are looking right Jeff, which is so scary for him. I forgot we are on camera here
He's been afraid of you since that talk earlier. He was talking about he was like I'm really scared
He's a really scary. I'm a scary guy. Yeah this camera right here. Yeah
Listen up Chris a lot of people in Chris
Who doesn't listen to all vansy everything where we fancy draft anything from the world of pop culture
Whether it be Nicholas Cage music or sandwiches
It's not kind of it's not going to be fast either. It's going to take a while and you know it's happening
And what's a good episode for people to start now? What's a rule? My god. There's so many
God, I mean if you want to go all the way back sandwiches the mall Taco Bell menu items
We just did an auction draft with Jason Rano Buffets is great of 90s action movies
Well, you had to draft within like
Something were a franchise something foreign something domestic something that doesn't really seem like an action movie
But you could make the argument and then a wild card. So I have a lot of fun on there. Oh, yeah, and I'll just send it on
I really an earnest and slightly sad note, but I lost a good friend of mine over the weekend
So always make time for those you love because you never know how long you're gonna have with them
And yeah
It advice it doesn't have to be sad, but just that's nice. Yeah, go see your friends go visit them tell them you love them
As we sing the specs of charm
We'll write out on this
You
That was a hit them original